README.md, before:

# AURELION Hub

**Central documentation and integration guide for the AURELION Ecosystem**

> *"I didn't start with everything. I built what I needed, when I needed it, and the system grew with me."* - CK

---

## 🌟 What is AURELION?

AURELION is a **modular cognitive architecture** for personal and organizational knowledge management. It's not a single product - it's a collection of interconnected tools that you can use individually or combine based on your needs.

**The Philosophy:** Start small, add what you need, build your own system.

---

## 🧩 The Modules

Each module is **independent** - use one, some, or all:

### 🗂️ [KERNEL-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite)
**Cognitive structure templates**

Use when you need to organize your thinking across multiple levels (foundation → vision).

**Features:**
- 5-floor cognitive structure
- 8 ready-to-use templates
- Single-person focus
- Completely offline

**Status:** ✅ Production v1.0.0 | MIT License

---

### 🧠 [MEMORY-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite)
**File-based knowledge graph**

Use when you need to remember and connect information over time.

**Features:**
- JSON-based storage
- Knowledge graph relationships
- Python API for querying
- No cloud services required

**Status:** ✅ Production v1.0.0 | MIT License

---

### 🧭 [ADVISOR-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite)
**Career planning and methodology library**

Use when you need strategic planning frameworks and career development tools.

**Features:**
- 12 planning templates
- Alex Thompson case study (6 examples)
- Investigation methodologies
- Decision-making frameworks

**Status:** ✅ Beta v0.2.0 | MIT License

---

### 🤖 [AGENT-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite)
**AI collaboration and prompts**

Use when you work with AI assistants and need better collaboration patterns.

**Features:**
- 100 curated prompts
- Strategic Advisor Protocol
- Session Management Guide
- Context-building techniques

**Status:** ✅ Beta v0.2.0 | MIT License

---

### � NEXUS-Lite *(Coming Soon)*
**Story-agnostic simulation framework**

Use when you're building simulations, games, or story worlds.

**Features:**
- NPCs, locations, events, items
- No AI dependencies (bring your own)
- Python-based framework
- Extensible architecture

**Status:** 🔜 In development | Planned Q3 2026

---

## 🎯 Where Should I Start?

### "I need to organize my thoughts"
→ Start with **[KERNEL-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite)**

Use the 5-floor structure to organize any project, goal, or area of knowledge.

**Then consider:**
- Add **MEMORY** to store your cognitive structures
- Add **ADVISOR** for strategic planning templates

---

### "I want to remember things better"
→ Start with **[MEMORY-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite)**

Build a personal knowledge graph that grows with you.

**Then consider:**
- Add **KERNEL** to structure what you remember
- Add **AGENT** to query your memory with AI

---

### "I'm planning my career/project"
→ Start with **[ADVISOR-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite)**

Use proven planning methodologies and templates.

**Then consider:**
- Add **KERNEL** to structure your plans
- Add **MEMORY** to track decisions over time
- Add **AGENT** for AI-assisted planning

---

### "I work with AI assistants a lot"
→ Start with **[AGENT-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite)**

Use battle-tested prompts and collaboration protocols.

**Then consider:**
- Add **MEMORY** to persist AI conversations
- Add **ADVISOR** for strategic AI partnerships
- Add **KERNEL** to structure AI outputs

---

### "I'm building a game/simulation/story world"
→ **NEXUS-Lite** is coming Q3 2026 — [watch the repo](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-hub) for updates.

In the meantime:
- Use **MEMORY** to track world state over time
- Use **KERNEL** to structure your world-building

**Then consider:**
- Add **MEMORY** to track world state over time
- Add **AGENT** to generate story content with AI

---

## 🔗 Integration Guides

### Using KERNEL + MEMORY Together
[See guide](docs/integration/kernel-memory.md)

Store your cognitive structures in persistent memory. Query them later. Build a external brain that remembers your frameworks.

---

### Using ADVISOR + AGENT Together
[See guide](docs/integration/advisor-agent.md)

Use AI to help you apply planning templates. Strategic Advisor Protocol + Career templates = powerful planning partnership.

---

### Using All 5 Modules: The Full Stack
[See guide](docs/integration/full-stack.md)

How CK built his system piece by piece. How the modules interconnect. Example workflows using everything together.

---

## 📖 CK's Journey

Chase (CK) didn't start with a complete system. He built what he needed, when he needed it:

**Early-2025:** Created KERNEL to organize investigation work across multiple cognitive levels.

**Early-2025:** Added MEMORY when he needed to track knowledge across months of complex cases.

**Late-2025:** Built ADVISOR when planning career transitions and needed strategic frameworks.

**Late-2025:** Developed AGENT when working with AI assistants became a core part of his workflow.

**2026:** Began developing NEXUS — a story-agnostic simulation framework originating from a D&D campaign (Stonecrest). *(In development — Q3 2026)*

**The lesson:** Start where you are. Add what you need. Build your own AURELION system.

---

## � Licensing Model

### Lite Modules (MIT Licensed)
✅ **Free to clone, use, modify, and distribute**  
✅ All features free to use  
✅ No paid services required  
✅ Available now: KERNEL, MEMORY, ADVISOR, AGENT
🔜 Coming Q3 2026: NEXUS

### Premium Features (MIT Licensed - Open Source)
✅ **Free to clone, use, modify, and distribute**  
⚠️ Requires paid third-party infrastructure (OpenAI API, Pinecone, vector databases)  
💡 **Premium = open source code + infrastructure costs**  
📅 Coming Q3 2026

### Business Modules (BSL Licensed - 2027+)
✅ **Source available** (can view and modify code)  
⚠️ Commercial use by large organizations requires license  
💡 **Business = multi-user features for enterprise teams**  
📅 Coming 2027+

**TLDR:** All code is free to clone. "Premium" means certain features need paid APIs from OpenAI/Pinecone/etc. "Business" adds multi-user capabilities with different licensing.

---

## �🗺️ Roadmap

### Phase 1 (Q2 2026) - ✅ Complete
- 5 Lite modules released (free, MIT licensed)
- All modules standalone and production-ready
- Integration documentation complete

### Community Expansion (Ongoing)

**Lite modules are feature-complete, but extensible.** We welcome community contributions:

#### **KERNEL-Lite Expansions**
- Additional cognitive models (GTD, PARA, Zettelkasten variations)
- Domain-specific project scaffolds (academic, creative, business research)
- More decision frameworks (OODA loop, ICE scoring, impact/effort matrix)

#### **MEMORY-Lite Expansions**  
- Auto-tagging scripts for markdown files
- Export/import utilities for different formats
- Query optimization examples

#### **ADVISOR-Lite Expansions**
- Career track templates (academic, creative, technical leadership)
- Domain-specific methodology libraries (consulting, research, analysis)
- Retrospective frameworks (sprint, project, quarterly reviews)

#### **AGENT-Lite Expansions**
- Specialized collaboration protocols (whiteboard thinking, rubber duck debugging)
- Role-based workflow templates (researcher, analyst, writer, developer modes)
- Tool-specific optimization guides (Copilot, Claude, GPT best practices)

#### **NEXUS-Lite Expansions**
- Genre world schemas (cyberpunk, space opera, historical, modern thriller)
- Simulation templates (economy systems, political dynamics, warfare modules)
- Character archetype libraries

**How to contribute:** See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for template submission guidelines.

**What stays free:** All templates, schemas, and text-based tools remain MIT licensed in Lite tier.

---

### Phase 2 (Q3 2026) - Premium Features (Open Source)

**Premium adds computational features** (requires infrastructure):

- **MEMORY-Premium:** Vector DB, semantic search, visualization tools, timeline views
- **ADVISOR-Premium:** AI-powered knowledge graph, semantic career planning
- **NEXUS-Premium:** LLM-powered NPCs, dynamic dialogue, AI dungeon master

**Note:** Premium code is MIT licensed (free to clone). "Premium" means these features require paid third-party services like OpenAI API, Pinecone vector DB, etc.

### Phase 3 (2027+) - Business Tiers
- Multi-user, team collaboration
- Enterprise features (SSO, audit logs, role-based permissions)
- BSL licensed (source available, commercial licensing for large organizations)

---

## 🛠️ Technical Details

### License
All Lite modules: **MIT License** (free for commercial use)

### Requirements
- Python 3.8+ (for MEMORY, NEXUS)
- No cloud services required for Lite tier
- Offline-capable

### Installation
Each module has its own installation instructions. See individual repos.

### Support
- Issues: Open in individual module repos
- Questions: Open discussion in this hub repo
- Integration help: See [integration guides](docs/integration/)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to any module! See:
- [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Each module's CONTRIBUTING.md for specific guidelines

---

## 📰 Latest Updates

**February 21, 2026:**
- 🔌 Agent Skills integration added — all 4 core modules now include `SKILL.md` + `skill-manifest.json`
- 🧠 AURELION Memory MCP server released — connect your knowledge graph to Claude Desktop and VS Code
- 📋 Missing floor templates added to KERNEL and MEMORY (SOP Library, Background Story, Decision Tree)
- 📁 ADVISOR and AGENT onboarding docs added (QUICKSTART.md, ONBOARDING_GUIDE.md)
- 🛡️ Agent Integrity Questioning Protocol published as standalone protocol file

**February 17, 2026:**
- 🚀 Phase 1 launch: All 5 Lite modules released
- ✅ KERNEL and MEMORY promoted to Production v1.0.0
- 📖 Integration guides published

---

## 🔌 Agent Skills Integration

AURELION modules are available as **Agent Skills** — compatible with Claude Code, Codex CLI, ChatGPT, and VS Code Copilot Chat.

### What Are Agent Skills?
Agent Skills (Anthropic open spec) let AI assistants load a module's instructions directly. Each AURELION module includes:
- `SKILL.md` — natural language instructions the AI reads as a standing operating procedure
- `skill-manifest.json` — marketplace metadata (name, categories, compatibility)

### Available Skills

| Module | Skill Type | Install |
|--------|-----------|---------|
| [aurelion-kernel-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite) | Instructions | Use SKILL.md directly |
| [aurelion-advisor-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite) | Instructions | Use SKILL.md directly |
| [aurelion-agent-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite) | Instructions | Use SKILL.md directly |
| [aurelion-memory-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite) | Tool + MCP Server | See MCP setup below |

### AURELION Memory as an MCP Server

The Memory module ships with a full MCP (Model Context Protocol) server that connects your local knowledge graph to any MCP-compatible AI client.

**One-command install:**
```bash
pip install "aurelion-memory-lite[mcp]"
```

**Claude Desktop config (`claude_desktop_config.json`):**
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "aurelion-memory": {
      "command": "python",
      "args": ["-m", "aurelion_memory_mcp"],
      "env": { "AURELION_MEMORY_PATH": "/path/to/your/memory-store" }
    }
  }
}
```

**VS Code Copilot Chat (`settings.json`):**
```json
{
  "github.copilot.chat.mcp.servers": {
    "aurelion-memory": {
      "command": "python",
      "args": ["-m", "aurelion_memory_mcp"],
      "env": { "AURELION_MEMORY_PATH": "${workspaceFolder}" }
    }
  }
}
```

Once connected, the AI can search, read, write, and query your knowledge graph with `memory_search`, `memory_read`, `memory_write`, `memory_floor`, and `memory_session` tools.

Full setup guide: [aurelion-memory-lite/mcp/README.md](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite/blob/main/mcp/README.md)

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Getting Started](docs/getting-started.md) - "Which module should I choose first?"
- [Integration Guides](docs/integration/) - Using modules together
- [Architecture](docs/architecture.md) - How modules interconnect
- [Philosophy](docs/philosophy.md) - Why modular cognitive architecture?
- [CK's Story](docs/cks-journey.md) - How this system was built

---

## 🔗 Quick Links

- [KERNEL-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite) - Cognitive structure
- [MEMORY-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite) - Knowledge graph
- [ADVISOR-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite) - Planning templates
- [AGENT-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite) - AI collaboration
- NEXUS-Lite *(Coming Q3 2026)* - Simulation framework

---

## ⚖️ License

This hub repository: MIT License

Individual modules: See each repository

---

## 🏢 Contributors

- **Chase (chase-key)** - Creator & Primary Developer
- **z3rosl33p** - Documentation & Release Engineering

**Built by Chase (CK) with z3rosl33p**

*Start small. Build what you need. Make it your own.*

Commit message:

fix: restore NEXUS-Lite as live — Beta v0.1.0

README.md, after:

# AURELION Hub

**Central documentation and integration guide for the AURELION Ecosystem**

> *"I didn't start with everything. I built what I needed, when I needed it, and the system grew with me."* - CK

---

## 🌟 What is AURELION?

AURELION is a **modular cognitive architecture** for personal and organizational knowledge management. It's not a single product - it's a collection of interconnected tools that you can use individually or combine based on your needs.

**The Philosophy:** Start small, add what you need, build your own system.

---

## 🧩 The Modules

Each module is **independent** - use one, some, or all:

### 🗂️ [KERNEL-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite)
**Cognitive structure templates**

Use when you need to organize your thinking across multiple levels (foundation → vision).

**Features:**
- 5-floor cognitive structure
- 8 ready-to-use templates
- Single-person focus
- Completely offline

**Status:** ✅ Production v1.0.0 | MIT License

---

### 🧠 [MEMORY-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite)
**File-based knowledge graph**

Use when you need to remember and connect information over time.

**Features:**
- JSON-based storage
- Knowledge graph relationships
- Python API for querying
- No cloud services required

**Status:** ✅ Production v1.0.0 | MIT License

---

### 🧭 [ADVISOR-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite)
**Career planning and methodology library**

Use when you need strategic planning frameworks and career development tools.

**Features:**
- 12 planning templates
- Alex Thompson case study (6 examples)
- Investigation methodologies
- Decision-making frameworks

**Status:** ✅ Beta v0.2.0 | MIT License

---

### 🤖 [AGENT-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite)
**AI collaboration and prompts**

Use when you work with AI assistants and need better collaboration patterns.

**Features:**
- 100 curated prompts
- Strategic Advisor Protocol
- Session Management Guide
- Context-building techniques

**Status:** ✅ Beta v0.2.0 | MIT License

---

### 🔀 [NEXUS-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-nexus-lite)
**Story-agnostic simulation framework**

Use when you're building simulations, games, or story worlds.

**Features:**
- NPCs, locations, events, items
- No AI dependencies (bring your own)
- Python-based framework
- Extensible architecture

**Status:** ✅ Beta v0.1.0 | MIT License

---

## 🎯 Where Should I Start?

### "I need to organize my thoughts"
→ Start with **[KERNEL-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite)**

Use the 5-floor structure to organize any project, goal, or area of knowledge.

**Then consider:**
- Add **MEMORY** to store your cognitive structures
- Add **ADVISOR** for strategic planning templates

---

### "I want to remember things better"
→ Start with **[MEMORY-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite)**

Build a personal knowledge graph that grows with you.

**Then consider:**
- Add **KERNEL** to structure what you remember
- Add **AGENT** to query your memory with AI

---

### "I'm planning my career/project"
→ Start with **[ADVISOR-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite)**

Use proven planning methodologies and templates.

**Then consider:**
- Add **KERNEL** to structure your plans
- Add **MEMORY** to track decisions over time
- Add **AGENT** for AI-assisted planning

---

### "I work with AI assistants a lot"
→ Start with **[AGENT-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite)**

Use battle-tested prompts and collaboration protocols.

**Then consider:**
- Add **MEMORY** to persist AI conversations
- Add **ADVISOR** for strategic AI partnerships
- Add **KERNEL** to structure AI outputs

---

### "I'm building a game/simulation/story world"
→ Start with **[NEXUS-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-nexus-lite)**

Use the simulation framework for NPCs, locations, and events.

**Then consider:**
- Add **MEMORY** to track world state over time
- Add **AGENT** to generate story content with AI

---

## 🔗 Integration Guides

### Using KERNEL + MEMORY Together
[See guide](docs/integration/kernel-memory.md)

Store your cognitive structures in persistent memory. Query them later. Build a external brain that remembers your frameworks.

---

### Using ADVISOR + AGENT Together
[See guide](docs/integration/advisor-agent.md)

Use AI to help you apply planning templates. Strategic Advisor Protocol + Career templates = powerful planning partnership.

---

### Using All 5 Modules: The Full Stack
[See guide](docs/integration/full-stack.md)

How CK built his system piece by piece. How the modules interconnect. Example workflows using everything together.

---

## 📖 CK's Journey

Chase (CK) didn't start with a complete system. He built what he needed, when he needed it:

**Early-2025:** Created KERNEL to organize investigation work across multiple cognitive levels.

**Early-2025:** Added MEMORY when he needed to track knowledge across months of complex cases.

**Late-2025:** Built ADVISOR when planning career transitions and needed strategic frameworks.

**Late-2025:** Developed AGENT when working with AI assistants became a core part of his workflow.

**2026:** Created NEXUS for a D&D campaign (Stonecrest), which evolved into a reusable simulation framework.

**The lesson:** Start where you are. Add what you need. Build your own AURELION system.

---

## � Licensing Model

### Lite Modules (MIT Licensed)
✅ **Free to clone, use, modify, and distribute**  
✅ All features free to use  
✅ No paid services required  
✅ Available now: KERNEL, MEMORY, ADVISOR, AGENT, NEXUS

### Premium Features (MIT Licensed - Open Source)
✅ **Free to clone, use, modify, and distribute**  
⚠️ Requires paid third-party infrastructure (OpenAI API, Pinecone, vector databases)  
💡 **Premium = open source code + infrastructure costs**  
📅 Coming Q3 2026

### Business Modules (BSL Licensed - 2027+)
✅ **Source available** (can view and modify code)  
⚠️ Commercial use by large organizations requires license  
💡 **Business = multi-user features for enterprise teams**  
📅 Coming 2027+

**TLDR:** All code is free to clone. "Premium" means certain features need paid APIs from OpenAI/Pinecone/etc. "Business" adds multi-user capabilities with different licensing.

---

## �🗺️ Roadmap

### Phase 1 (Q2 2026) - ✅ Complete
- 5 Lite modules released (free, MIT licensed)
- All modules standalone and production-ready
- Integration documentation complete

### Community Expansion (Ongoing)

**Lite modules are feature-complete, but extensible.** We welcome community contributions:

#### **KERNEL-Lite Expansions**
- Additional cognitive models (GTD, PARA, Zettelkasten variations)
- Domain-specific project scaffolds (academic, creative, business research)
- More decision frameworks (OODA loop, ICE scoring, impact/effort matrix)

#### **MEMORY-Lite Expansions**  
- Auto-tagging scripts for markdown files
- Export/import utilities for different formats
- Query optimization examples

#### **ADVISOR-Lite Expansions**
- Career track templates (academic, creative, technical leadership)
- Domain-specific methodology libraries (consulting, research, analysis)
- Retrospective frameworks (sprint, project, quarterly reviews)

#### **AGENT-Lite Expansions**
- Specialized collaboration protocols (whiteboard thinking, rubber duck debugging)
- Role-based workflow templates (researcher, analyst, writer, developer modes)
- Tool-specific optimization guides (Copilot, Claude, GPT best practices)

#### **NEXUS-Lite Expansions**
- Genre world schemas (cyberpunk, space opera, historical, modern thriller)
- Simulation templates (economy systems, political dynamics, warfare modules)
- Character archetype libraries

**How to contribute:** See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for template submission guidelines.

**What stays free:** All templates, schemas, and text-based tools remain MIT licensed in Lite tier.

---

### Phase 2 (Q3 2026) - Premium Features (Open Source)

**Premium adds computational features** (requires infrastructure):

- **MEMORY-Premium:** Vector DB, semantic search, visualization tools, timeline views
- **ADVISOR-Premium:** AI-powered knowledge graph, semantic career planning
- **NEXUS-Premium:** LLM-powered NPCs, dynamic dialogue, AI dungeon master

**Note:** Premium code is MIT licensed (free to clone). "Premium" means these features require paid third-party services like OpenAI API, Pinecone vector DB, etc.

### Phase 3 (2027+) - Business Tiers
- Multi-user, team collaboration
- Enterprise features (SSO, audit logs, role-based permissions)
- BSL licensed (source available, commercial licensing for large organizations)

---

## 🛠️ Technical Details

### License
All Lite modules: **MIT License** (free for commercial use)

### Requirements
- Python 3.8+ (for MEMORY, NEXUS)
- No cloud services required for Lite tier
- Offline-capable

### Installation
Each module has its own installation instructions. See individual repos.

### Support
- Issues: Open in individual module repos
- Questions: Open discussion in this hub repo
- Integration help: See [integration guides](docs/integration/)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to any module! See:
- [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Each module's CONTRIBUTING.md for specific guidelines

---

## 📰 Latest Updates

**February 21, 2026:**
- 🔌 Agent Skills integration added — all 4 core modules now include `SKILL.md` + `skill-manifest.json`
- 🧠 AURELION Memory MCP server released — connect your knowledge graph to Claude Desktop and VS Code
- 📋 Missing floor templates added to KERNEL and MEMORY (SOP Library, Background Story, Decision Tree)
- 📁 ADVISOR and AGENT onboarding docs added (QUICKSTART.md, ONBOARDING_GUIDE.md)
- 🛡️ Agent Integrity Questioning Protocol published as standalone protocol file

**February 17, 2026:**
- 🚀 Phase 1 launch: All 5 Lite modules released
- ✅ KERNEL and MEMORY promoted to Production v1.0.0
- 📖 Integration guides published

---

## 🔌 Agent Skills Integration

AURELION modules are available as **Agent Skills** — compatible with Claude Code, Codex CLI, ChatGPT, and VS Code Copilot Chat.

### What Are Agent Skills?
Agent Skills (Anthropic open spec) let AI assistants load a module's instructions directly. Each AURELION module includes:
- `SKILL.md` — natural language instructions the AI reads as a standing operating procedure
- `skill-manifest.json` — marketplace metadata (name, categories, compatibility)

### Available Skills

| Module | Skill Type | Install |
|--------|-----------|---------|
| [aurelion-kernel-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite) | Instructions | Use SKILL.md directly |
| [aurelion-advisor-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite) | Instructions | Use SKILL.md directly |
| [aurelion-agent-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite) | Instructions | Use SKILL.md directly |
| [aurelion-memory-lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite) | Tool + MCP Server | See MCP setup below |

### AURELION Memory as an MCP Server

The Memory module ships with a full MCP (Model Context Protocol) server that connects your local knowledge graph to any MCP-compatible AI client.

**One-command install:**
```bash
pip install "aurelion-memory-lite[mcp]"
```

**Claude Desktop config (`claude_desktop_config.json`):**
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "aurelion-memory": {
      "command": "python",
      "args": ["-m", "aurelion_memory_mcp"],
      "env": { "AURELION_MEMORY_PATH": "/path/to/your/memory-store" }
    }
  }
}
```

**VS Code Copilot Chat (`settings.json`):**
```json
{
  "github.copilot.chat.mcp.servers": {
    "aurelion-memory": {
      "command": "python",
      "args": ["-m", "aurelion_memory_mcp"],
      "env": { "AURELION_MEMORY_PATH": "${workspaceFolder}" }
    }
  }
}
```

Once connected, the AI can search, read, write, and query your knowledge graph with `memory_search`, `memory_read`, `memory_write`, `memory_floor`, and `memory_session` tools.

Full setup guide: [aurelion-memory-lite/mcp/README.md](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite/blob/main/mcp/README.md)

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Getting Started](docs/getting-started.md) - "Which module should I choose first?"
- [Integration Guides](docs/integration/) - Using modules together
- [Architecture](docs/architecture.md) - How modules interconnect
- [Philosophy](docs/philosophy.md) - Why modular cognitive architecture?
- [CK's Story](docs/cks-journey.md) - How this system was built

---

## 🔗 Quick Links

- [KERNEL-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-kernel-lite) - Cognitive structure
- [MEMORY-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-memory-lite) - Knowledge graph
- [ADVISOR-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-advisor-lite) - Planning templates
- [AGENT-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-agent-lite) - AI collaboration
- [NEXUS-Lite](https://github.com/chase-key/aurelion-nexus-lite) - Simulation framework

---

## ⚖️ License

This hub repository: MIT License

Individual modules: See each repository

---

## 🏢 Contributors

- **Chase (chase-key)** - Creator & Primary Developer
- **z3rosl33p** - Documentation & Release Engineering

**Built by Chase (CK) with z3rosl33p**

*Start small. Build what you need. Make it your own.*
